(OWNERS)

Is it free to sign up and list my space?
It's free to sign up and list your space with Park254, and it always will be!
You can set your prices per hour, day, week, or month or leave it up to our algorithm to price your space.
We only charge a small commission for successfully renting out your parking space on our platform.



How do I list my space?
It's free to list your space with Park254, and it only takes a few minutes.
You can list your space on our app and create your listing from there.
Log in or create an account
Select Add my space
°Add your address
°Drop a pin on the entrance of your space
°Find your space on Street view – You can use the arrows to navigate around the screen
You'll then be asked a few questions about your space.
Your listing will then be reviewed by our team and you'll hear back in a day or two by email when it has been approved. From there you'll be able to set your prices, add your bank details and start taking bookings!




How can I be a great space owner?
If a driver has a great experience parking at your space, they'll come back for more! Here are a few things you can do to make sure the driver has a 5⭐ experience:
1. Create a brilliant listing
Make sure your listing description and additional instructions are crystal clear and upload a couple of photos. This will help the driver have a seamless parking experience!
2. Respond quickly to queries
Our drivers really appreciate quick responses to their queries, if you do receive a call or a message then please reply as quickly as you can and reassure the driver that you’re ready for them.



How do I get my earnings?
There are a few things you need to do in order to get your earnings from Park254
1. Enter your payment method (M-Pesa or bank transfer)
For short-term bookings, the amount you earn from the booking will be added to your account 48 hours after the booking has started. For long-term or monthly bookings, each payment will be added to your account after the first month of the booking. You can check the status of your earnings at any time from your Transactions page.
2. Verify your details
Enter your mobile number and verified email on your My Profile page and we'll send you SMS or an email to notify you of any payments.
3. Choose automatic payments
You can manually request a payment at any time. However, if you want to have your earnings transferred to you automatically then you can update your settings in the payment frequency section of the Earnings page. You can pick either monthly or quarterly automatic withdrawals.
Monthly withdrawals are automatically requested on the first of each month.
Quarterly withdrawals are automatically requested on the first of March, June, September and December.
Once you've requested a payment, it takes 3-5 working days for your earnings to arrive in your nominated bank account.



How do I cancel a booking? (As a Space Owner)
If you need to cancel a booking, then you can do so from the My Parking tab. We'd recommend you try to cancel bookings as infrequently as possible as a bad experience for the driver, which we want to avoid. We recommend you remove availability for your space if you know it won't be available.
However, we understand on occasion you may need to cancel a booking. To do so follow the steps below:
Go to the My Parking tab and click on the relevant booking
Scroll to the bottom of the page and click Cancel booking
Please do this as soon as possible so that the driver can find an alternative space
Drivers will always be refunded according to our Cancellation Policy



How do I update or edit my space?
You can update your space through the Park254 app.
You can:
- Add photos
- Amend your description or access instructions
- Change your prices
- Update your availability
Go to Add your Space, select My Spaces
Tap the three horizontal lines
Select Edit
From here you'll be taken through a workflow to edit and improve your listing



What happens if the driver overstays?
We make it clear to our drivers that they shouldn't stay any longer than they've booked. This happens very rarely and is usually due to unforeseen circumstances.
If a driver does overstay, don't worry! They will need to pay for any additional time they use at your space, and in some circumstances, other charges may apply. See our Overstay Policy for full details.



How do I deactivate my listing?
Can't offer your space through JustPark anymore? No problem. It's easy to deactivate your listing. Just head to Manage your parking spaces and click Edit availability and then Make your space unavailable permanently on the listing you want to deactivate.
Please note that this only removes your listing from JustPark searches, it doesn't deactivate your Park254 account.
You won’t be able to deactivate your listing if you have any bookings upcoming or in progress. If you cannot accommodate these bookings any longer, please cancel them before proceeding to deactivate your space.
You can reactivate your account at any time by clicking Activate.
